Update index.md (#3)
techwriter-pl/techwriter-pl.github.io: blog/oferta-pracy-technical-writer-handsontable-zdalnie-hybrydowo-lub-stacjonarnie-gdynia/index.md

Reviewer: Przydałoby się puścić na ty pliku Prettier 🎁

Reviewer: tak, otwórz sobie VS Code w przeglądarce (chyba naciskasz kropkę na lawaiturze) i tam otwórz terminal. tam się pojawi opcja odpalenia code space. jak to się uda, dostaniesz działający terminal. wklep tam `yarn prettier` i jesteś złotym dzieckiem polskiej informatyki

---

### Technical Writer

At Handsoncode, we’re on a mission to help developers deliver software faster. Handsontable, our flagship product, has become one of the world’s most popular JavaScript data grid components. We are now seeking a Technical Writer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in JavaScript, technical writing, and a passion for creating clear, concise, and engaging content for the JavaScript community.

**Why you should join us:**

- Our values always put people first. We are curious, bold, and think long-term!
- We aim to expand our leading role in the developer tools market.

> - We are a team of 20+ people, working together for more than seven years. Wetreat each other with respect, trust, and support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are a team of 20+ people, working together for more than seven years. We treat each other with respect, trust, and support.
```

**About you:**

> - 3+ years of experience in planning, writing, and maintaining technicaldocumentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 3+ years of experience in planning, writing, and maintaining technical documentation
```

- Excellent written and spoken communication in English (native or C1)
- Familiar with collaborative writing tools for software documentation
- Team player with strong communication skills
- Highly organized, productive and trustworthy
- Full or partial working hours overlap with CET timezone

**Nice to have:**

> - Familiarity with JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3, with a good understanding ofweb development standards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Familiarity with JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3, with a good understanding of web development standards
```
